[14.0][ADD] hr_timesheet_predefined_description: Add predefined descriptions for timesheets (#709)
OCA/timesheet: hr_timesheet_predefined_description/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> To configure the `hr_timesheet_predefined_description` module, follow these steps:
> 
> #. **Add Predefined Descriptions:**
> 
>    - Go to *Timesheets* > *Configuration* > *Predefined Descriptions*.
>    - Click *Create*, enter the description name, and save.
> 
> #. **Modify Predefined Descriptions:**
> 
>    - Update or delete existing descriptions from the same menu as needed.
> 
> #. **Ensure Changes Reflect in Timesheets:**
> 
>    - Any changes to predefined descriptions should be verified to reflect in timesheet entries.
> 

Reviewer: Take care of the proper RST syntax:

```suggestion
**Add Predefined Descriptions:**

#. Go to *Timesheets* > *Configuration* > *Predefined Descriptions*.
#. Click on *Create*.
#. Enter the description name.
#. In a multi-company environment, check the company visibility.
#. Save.

**Modify Predefined Descriptions:**

#. Go to *Timesheets* > *Configuration* > *Predefined Descriptions*.
#. Click on an existing description.
#. Type the new description.

NOTE: These changes are not retro-actively applied to existing timesheets.
```
